fix README links and guidance (#213)
ask-bonk/ask-bonk: README.md

Just `/bonk` it.

It's a code (and docs!) review agent that responds to mentions in issues and PRs. Built on [OpenCode](https://github.com/anomalyco/opencode) and [Flue](https://flueframework.com/), Bonk can review code, answer questions about your codebase, and make changes directly by opening PRs and telling you where you can do better.

- **Code & doc review** - Get feedback on PRs, explain code, or ask questions about your repo just by mentioning `/bonk` in an issue, PR comment or even line comments.
- **Make changes** - Bonk can edit files and create PRs from issues and update PRs.
- **Fully configurable** - Supports any [model provider](https://opencode.ai/docs/providers) that OpenCode does (Anthropic, OpenAI, Google, etc.). Why reinvent the wheel when there's a perfectly round one already?

## Installation

> > :bangbang: The hosted Bonk instance only runs for allowlisted organizations. Other installations are automatically rejected. The app & action are public as GitHub doesn't support an allowlist for app installs: just same-org or "anyone".

Author: ```suggestion
> :bangbang: The hosted Bonk instance only runs on a handful of repos (`elithrar/*`, `cloudflare/*`, and `ask-bonk/*`). Installing Bonk on repositories outside these orgs will result in the installation being automatically rejected. The app & action are public as GitHub doesn't support an allowlist for app installs: just same-org or "anyone".
```

### OpenCode Config

For advanced configuration (custom providers, system prompts, custom tools, etc.), create `opencode.jsonc` in your repository root. See [OpenCode docs](https://opencode.ai/docs/config) for all options.

```jsonc
{
  "provider": {
    "anthropic": {},
  },

>   "model": "anthropic/claude-sonnet-4-20250514",

Author: ```suggestion
  "model": "openai/gpt-5.6-sol",
```
